hello this is a really quick mainly a
call for contributions so those of you
out there that run are pinning service I
I would like your input so for those who
do not know what opening services are
pinning service is an API which allows
you to essentially push your CI dazed
and the data that they point to to
someone else so like traditional cloud
hosting but with Agathis what's the
proposal I want to standardize the API
that we all use basically it's real
simple
why because we've already got tools
building on top of these pinning
services and they're already fragmented
across each one and on top of that as
the developer one of the developers on
ipfs cluster I would like to provide
extra functionality to both the pinning
services and those that build on top and
that's going to be a lot easier if
there's only one API that we have to
support it's really small I'm sorry
basically these so we have pins that we
get we have pins that we yeah create add
more pins get a particular pin status
create one pin and then remove a pin
it's really simple
the main thing which is actually missing
from this image is that I want a user ID
to be handed in in a JWT so JSON web
token so that we can ref count pins if
you don't know what that means
come talk to me afterwards because this
is as I say a quick call to
contributions and this is where you can
go find the actual proposal 37 eight
IVFs notes thank you